LDN, Anglodom, 2222 AD: simultaneously the most modern meta-tropolis and the most historically rich vestige of a purely physical urban environment. An evolution of countless architectural eras, sat beneath a pristine digital facade. Small yet inconceivably dense pockets of purely physical activity sustain the millions of netizens.<br><br>
Somewhere amongst the madness you are sat, consumed by nostalgia. It was not too long ago that you and your father fled Syranthia as refugees, seeking stability, opportunity and—perhaps more than anything else—freedom. You are nostalgic for countless staples of Syranthianese culture and cuisine, but more than anything else you are nostalgic for the intense warmth of authentic human connection.<br><br>
The ruling class of LDN are the Creators, they designed the decentralised network that people rely on for the vast majority of their social needs. Distributed authentication of social status has reduced the old adage “We are what we pretend to be…” to mundane truth. Your host-family are not slave masters, but generous enough to take you in. They are not self obsessed egomaniacs, but effortlessly elegant. And you are not a whole human but merely a badge upon their lapel.<br><br>
Despite your never-ending house work, with the help of your father: a virtual trader, you manage occasional glimpses of the network. CReel, a platform centred around media critique and analysis, has become something of a second home to you. Perhaps your hosts are aware of this or perhaps it is mere brilliant coincidence; one day your usual house work is replaced by the task of managing your hosts’ CReel profiles. “Find what’s popular and echo. Don’t try to be clever, nobody likes a know-it-all.” the mother tells you “Make me look witty and sharp. Make your sisters look insightful and hopeful. And for christ’s sake keep it brief, I don’t trust you to write more than 20 words without fucking up.” Creator-fest is coming and if your host family wants a chance at attending they need to have a significant social standing on CReel.
In between penning an endless barrage of one-liners, you find time to write your own reviews: longer and rich with authenticity. You write under the pseudonym CineReeler. They go entirely unnoticed.<br><br>

| [You plug away diligently...](https://alexanstruther.github.io/speculative-methods-and-visual-data/node2,1.md) | [You are overcome with despair...](https://alexanstruther.github.io/speculative-methods-and-visual-data/node2,2.md) |